Added Feb 2020 community news (#80)
pythonpune/meetup-talks: 2020/February/community_news.md

  https://pythonspeed.com/articles/alpine-docker-python/

* Reducing Startup Time of Python Applications 
  https://engineering.algoshelf.com/python-startup-time/

* The Mental Game of Python - Raymond Hettinger 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UANN2Eu6ZnM

* View and control unix terminals from your browser 
  https://cs01.github.io/termpair/

* Django async view support 
  https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/async-performance/310/6

* How key Python projects are maintained 
  https://opensource.com/article/20/2/python-maintained

* The 22 Most-Used Python Packages in the World 
  https://medium.com/better-programming/the-22-most-used-python-packages-in-the-world-7020a904b2e

* Growing Old Gracefully as a Programmer from Django Chat episode 49 
  https://djangochat.com/episodes/growing-old-gracefully-as-a-programmer

## Project Releases

* Pandas 1.0.0 
  https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/whatsnew/v1.0.0.html

## Upcoming events in & around Pune

* JSFoo Pune 2020 on 28th Feb, 2020 
  https://hasgeek.com/jsfoo/2020-pune/

* ReactFoo-VueDay Pune edition on 29th Feb, 2020 
  https://hasgeek.com/reactfoo/2020-pune/

## Thanks

> * Thanks to InfraCloud for providing venue for January PythonPune meetup 2020 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Thanks to InfraCloud for providing venue for February PythonPune meetup 2020 
```

  https://www.infracloud.io/

> * Thank you Harin Joshi for delivering workshop on chatbot developement on Rasa using Zomato API 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Thank you Harin Joshi  from [Colearning Lounge](https://colearninglounge.com/index) for delivering a workshop on chatbot development on Rasa using Zomato API 
```
